Prepare for official release (#4)
loupeteam/Omniverse_Beckhoff_Bridge_Extension: exts/loupe.beckhoff_bridge/docs/README.md

# Beckhoff Bridge

The Beckhoff Bridge is an [NVIDIA Omniverse](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/) extension for communicating with [Beckhoff PLCs](https://www.beckhoff.com/en-en/) using the [ADS protocol](https://infosys.beckhoff.com/english.php?content=../content/1033/cx8190_hw/5091854987.html&id=).

# Installation

### Install from registry

> This is the preferred method. Open up the extensions manager by navigating to `Window / Extensions`. The extension is available as a THIRD PARTY extension. Search for `BECKHOFF BRIDGE`, and click the slider to Enable it. Once enabled, the extension will show up as an option in the top menu banner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the preferred method. Open up the extensions manager by navigating to `Window / Extensions`. The extension is available as a "Third Party" extension. Search for `Beckhoff Bridge`, and click the slider to Enable it. Once enabled, the extension will be available as an option in the top menu banner of Omniverse.
```
